1943 - 2022

By: Justin Sybrandt

My best memories are of playing games with Kayleen as a kid. While we were
young, she would frequently come to watch my siblings and me. Our time was
filled with board games, cards, paperdolls, and the stories the four of us would
make together. I like to think that these are some of her best memories too.
Artifacts of our time stayed on display for over two decades, from crayon
drawings still on the walls to a lego robot perched on her windowsill.

Kayleen was always right there on the floor with us, a player at the table, or
an actor in our plays. Back then I used to call her “Angel.” While she was
certainly angelic towards us, it seemed more appropriate to refer to my best
friend by her first name. A few years ago, she brought this up. She told me how
honored and loved it still made her feel that us grandkids had accepted her so
completely into our group.

Eventually, I went to college. When we talked, we would go on about the quirks
of three-toed sloths, and our favorite parts of Star Trek. These topics filled
the envelopes of clipping that I received from her nearly every week. I made a
habit of taking the best comics, notes, and articles she sent me and taped them
to my dorm room walls for whoever was patient enough to look.

Towards the end of college, I brought home my partner Emma. She and Kayleen
became fast friends. Soon, Emma was also receiving frequent parcels of notes,
paperdolls, and unicorn stickers.

I kept posting comics on my walls all the way through grad school, where the
collection spanned across three different walls in my office. While I was there,
Kayleen told me fondly about her own experiences moving with her husband to
Purdue and starting a family while he attended grad school. I heard stories
about the good old days, the friends they made and the places they lived.

Unfortunately, I graduated into the pandemic. We visited whenever we had the
chance, but we had to visit while sitting in the front lawn, while Kayleen sat
on the porch. We made the best of a terrible situation, but I wish we had more
time to spend with her, and that we could have played games together in person,
like we used to.

Still, I have countless beautiful memories from our time together, and I will
never forget how much she loved us.


